src/pybind/mgr/dashboard_v2/README.rst, before:

openATTIC Module for Ceph Manager
=================================

This module is an ongoing project to convert the `openATTIC openATTIC Ceph
management and monitoring tool <https://openattic.org/>`_ (both the backend and
WebUI) into a Ceph Manager module.

The current openATTIC backend implementation is based on Django and the Django
REST framework. The plan is to convert the backend code to use the CherryPy
framework and a custom REST API implementation instead.

The current WebUI implementation is written using AngularJS 1.x JavaScript
framework. The upstream openATTIC project already has plans to move to
Angular/TypeScript; this migration will be performed at a later stage, once the
openATTIC mgr module has been accepted and is providing basic functionality.

The porting of the existing openATTIC functionality will be done in stages. The
work is done by the openATTIC team and is currently tracked in the `openATTIC
JIRA <https://tracker.openattic.org/browse/OP-3039>`_.

Unit Testing
____________

To run the unit tests that reside in :emphasis:`tests/*` do::

  UNITTEST=true py.test --cov=. tests/


These tests depend on the following python libraries:
 * pytest
 * pytest-cov
 * mock

Commit message:

mgr/dashboard_v2: added tox conf file to run unit tests and linting
Signed-off-by: Ricardo Dias <rdias@suse.com>

src/pybind/mgr/dashboard_v2/README.rst, after:

openATTIC Module for Ceph Manager
=================================

This module is an ongoing project to convert the `openATTIC openATTIC Ceph
management and monitoring tool <https://openattic.org/>`_ (both the backend and
WebUI) into a Ceph Manager module.

The current openATTIC backend implementation is based on Django and the Django
REST framework. The plan is to convert the backend code to use the CherryPy
framework and a custom REST API implementation instead.

The current WebUI implementation is written using AngularJS 1.x JavaScript
framework. The upstream openATTIC project already has plans to move to
Angular/TypeScript; this migration will be performed at a later stage, once the
openATTIC mgr module has been accepted and is providing basic functionality.

The porting of the existing openATTIC functionality will be done in stages. The
work is done by the openATTIC team and is currently tracked in the `openATTIC
JIRA <https://tracker.openattic.org/browse/OP-3039>`_.

Unit Testing and Linting
________________________

We included a tox configuration file that will run the unit tests under
python2 and python3, as well as, linting tools to guarantee the uniformity of
code.

To run tox, run the following command in the root directory (where ``tox.ini``
is located) do::

  tox

If you just want to run a single tox environement, for instance only run the
linting tools, do::

  tox -e lint

Also don't forget to install tox before running it. To install tox in your
system do::

  pip install tox
